# Mandelbrot Set Displayer
Hi all! This is a program designed to generate the mandelbrot set.

## What is the mandelbrot set?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandelbrot_set

The mandelbrot set is a cool fractal. Okay, that doesn't narrow it down much.

The mandelbrot set is a fractal generated by taking the function z<sub>c</sub>(x)=x<sup>2</sup>+c, where c is a [complex number](#en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_number) and x starts at 0, and applying it forever and ever. Is it infinite? Not in the set :(. Is it finite? In the set :).

But wait! I don't have the time **_or patience_** to run it forever! Now what?

Aha! There's a trick! See, if the absolute value of z<sub>c</sub> ever goes above 2, then it will end up going to infinity, and will not be in the set! So, I just go through all the points, preform z<sub>c</sub>(x) however many times, and check if the absolute value is greater than 2!

That's the implementation, now for the actual instructions.

## Parameters

A few parameters are given pre-render to control the appearance:

### Size

The size of the display. (duh!) 800 or 1000 usually works best for me. I recommend using a multiple of four. (see below)

### Points per unit

The number of points rendered per unit on default zoom. For example, if set to 25 (the default), it will render 25 points between 0 and 1, and 25\*4=100 points on the x-axis. Works best when 4\*ppu is a multiple of of the size, as each pixel is the same size.

### Number of iterations

The number of times z<sub>c</sub> is applied to x.

### Coloring

How the mandelbrot set is colored. 0 sets it to no color (black), 1 colors by cycle (e.g. i becomes a cycle of length 2, -1+i -> -i -> -1+i).

### Update while rendering

Controls whether or not the screen is updated mid-render. Always treated as 0/`False` for the first run.

## Controls

Move - WASD

Zoom in/out- C/Z (respectively)

Refresh screen- R _**(NOTE: SCREEN WILL NOT RE-RENDER UNTIL THIS KEY IS PRESSED)**_

Home (set to default view)- H
